---
layout: default
title: About Fresh Translation
header_title: About Fresh Translation
---
 

Fresh Translation is a newly started translation service by Caterine Apruzzese. We translate documents and websites into Portuguese, Spanish, English and French. 

Our process is specifically tailored to give our translation the extra polish needed in areas such as technical writing, legal summaries and sales presentations. Our clients will appreciate giving customers in foreign countries the same great impression that they do at home through our translated documents or websites. 


"On a Quest To Become a Freelance Translator" is my blog where I share my personal experiences as a freelance translator as well as other curiosities related to the translation Industry. 

You can contact me via email at {{ site.email }} or visit my website freshtranslation.com 


Fresh Translation é um novo serviço de tradução fundado por Caterine Apruzzese. Traduzimos documentos e sítios web para Português, Espanhol, Inglês e Francês. 

 
Contamos com um processo feito especificamente para garantir uma tradução refinada em areas como escrita técnica, sumários jurídicos e comerciais. A través das nossas traduções, os nossos clientes poderão certamente proporcionar aos seus parceiros comerciais no exterior a mesma exatidão que aquela obtida nos seus países de origem. 


"On a Quest to Become a Freelance Translator" é o meu blog onde partilho as minhas experiências pessoais enquanto tradutora independente e também outras curiosidades relacionadas à industria de tradução. 


Para entrar em contato acese o nosso sítio em freshtranslation.com ou por email em contact@freshtranslation.com