---
layout: demo-default
title: HTML Default Styling
header_title: HTML Default Styling
---

Within the areas of the page placed by the layout rules you will be inserting your content.
The content will be either a visual spread like a logo or an advertisement, a textual spread
such as a introduction, quote or blog post, or a form for registration, contact or basket checkout.
[[Test]]

h2. Light/Normal/Dense Read

A light read area is defined by adding "list-read" to the bounding element. This is equivalent to line-height 2.
A normal read ("normal-read") is equivalent to line-height 1.5.
A dense read ("dense-read") is equivalent to line-height 1.2.

Themes only come with "normal-read" for now. This is put on the article tag in the demo pages.

Secondary areas use slightly smaller heading size currently the ones are:

* .about
* .sidebar .sidebar-1 .sidebar-2
* .comments

If you need to make your own secondary area within a light/normal/dense read add the class "secondary-area".


h2. General Purpose Tags

strong, em, sup, sub, small, ins, del, mark

HTML adds two tags that are for general purposes. For this reason they have no special styling in
this typography. It should not be necessary to use *&lt;span&gt;* or *&lt;div&gt;* in regular page content. If you
must do a special purpose styling use another general purpose tag and add a CSS class. 


h2. Headers, Blocks and Separators

Level One (h1) should be used for the Blog or Page Title. Level Two (h2) is the biggest header in blog/page content and sidebars.

h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6

p,pre, address, blockquote

br, hr

h2. Semantic Meaning tags

code, time, q, dfn, var, abbr, cite, kbd


h2. Lists and Tables

table, caption, tbody, tfoot, thead, tr, th, td, ul, ol, dl, dt, dd

- coffee := Hot and black
- tea := Also hot, but a little less black
- milk :=
Nourishing beverage for baby cows.

Cold drink that goes great with cookies. =:

h2. Forms

form, fieldset, legend, label

a, button, input, textarea, select, output, 


h2. Illustrations

img, figcaption, figure, video, audio


h2. Browser defaults

OS X 
* &lt;select&gt; height=18px
* &lt;button&gt; height=18px
* &lt;input radio&gt; height=13px width=12px
* &lt;input checkbox&gt; height=12px width=12px
