---
layout: post
title: How to choose a technical translator
author: Caterine Apruzzese
authorurl: /Caterine+Apruzzese
location: New York 
summary: In today's blog post we are giving you some tips that might help you choosing the right *technical translator*. 
category:
  - onaquest
---

Technical Translation is a specialised translation of documents in fields such as aerospace industry, computer hardware and software, chemistry or finance. 

In today's blog post we are giving you some tips that might help you choosing the right *technical translator*. 

Because as a company you want to communicate your products and values, it is essential that you choose a translator that is highly competent in your field,  not only in the source language but also in the target language. Technical documents use 'jargon', a specialised language concerned to a particular field that is usually not listed in regular dictionaries, so a good background knowledge in the specific field is essential in order to translate it correctly. 

It is also a good idea to check for experience within the translation industry. So, if an *automotive* document needs to be translated, look for a translator that is also a mechanical engineer and ensure that the final copy is *reviewed* and *proofed* by a third party, also a specialist in the field. 

A document should be translated by a language- sensitive native. This is to ensure that the document is carefully *translated* and *localised* according to the dialects and local culture. For instance, translating to Portuguese is very different for Portugal vs. Brazil.

*Cost* vs *quality*: Although technical documentation is often subject to budget constraints, companies are starting to realise that documentation *quality* is worth it as it reflects your brand. Instead of looking at it as a cost of doing business, think about what impression the document will give your customers and business partners. If the communication is crisp it will add to a positive experience of your brand and company. 


Whether it is software manuals, annual reports or press releases, it seems that good *technical translations* are critical to the success of products and ultimately to the success of a brand.   

