---
layout: post
title: Subtitling, Interpreting or Translation; Which One Works for Me?
author: Caterine Apruzzese
authorurl: /Caterine+Apruzzese
location: New York
summary: Before starting my career as an in-house translator I was considering to pursue my studies in conference interpretation. I finally chose translation as I realized that writing is my passion! I prefer translation over interpreting work as it gives me more "freedom" to play with words, to work on my own space at my own pace! On the flip side, I consider interpreting to be very stimulating and demanding at the same time. This is when I am forced to exercise every neuron in my brain. Having to think about all my research in addition to what's been said and quickly transform it to what is being said. 
category:
  - onaquest
---
Before starting my career as an in-house translator I was considering to pursue my studies in conference interpretation. 
I finally chose translation as I realized that writing is my passion! 
I prefer translation over interpreting work as it gives me more "freedom" to play with words, 
to work on my own space at my own pace! On the flip side, I consider interpreting to be very stimulating and demanding at the same time. 
This is when I am forced to exercise every neuron in my brain. 
Having to think about all my research in addition to what's been said and quickly transform it to what is being said. 

While these are two closely related disciplines, it is important to understand the differences between them. If you love languages and want to pursue a career in this field but don't know which category to follow, then it would be a good idea to try all the different modalities and see which one works better for you.    

So, What are the main differences between interpreting and translation? 

An interpreter is a person that converts a thought or expression in the source language into the target language in "real time". Unlike translation, interpretation is oral therefore it requires  not only great  oral communication skills but also a meticulous memorizing capacity to process all the information that is being said and transform it into the target language within seconds. This means that above all, interpreters must be good public speakers and must possess  sharp multitasking skills as they are required to translate in both directions on the spot, without warming up or rehearsal time. They can't therefore consult dictionaries or any other additional reference materials. Translators on the other hand, are expected to have excellent written skills as well as refined  analyzing abilities that are fundamental when translating a document from one language to another. 

Why is  interpreting a challenge and how does it differ from translation? 

 Interpreting requires a high level of concentration. Interpreters are often required to deal with a variety  of subjects, people and accents. Simultaneous interpretation requires the interpreter to translate constantly while a speaker is talking. In most cases, skilled interpreters work in pairs for twenty minutes due to the fact that they are exposed to a high degree of concentration, therefore they have to take frequent breaks. Translators however, have the possibility to think and re-think about the original text before they translate its content into the target language. Time factor is a problem though as we translators have to adhere to tight deadlines! 

Screen subtitling is another option for language lovers... Now I am not an expert in this field but it could be an interesting option. Audiovisual translation is a very specific domain therefore it is a good idea to get some experience first. 

The European Captioning Institute (ECI) often holds internships in translation, subtitling, closed captioning and voice-over.
