---
layout: post
title: On a Quest to be a Frelance Translator
author: Caterine Apruzzese
authorurl: /Caterine+Apruzzese
location: New York
summary: We've all thought of going on a quest at some point in our lives. Mine emerged in my mind earlier this year after realizing that translation is one area that I am keen to explore in greater detail. I am currently in the process of developing myself into a freelance translation business, therefore I thought it would be a good idea to share some views on this topic.
category:
  - onaquest
---

Yep, it all starts here. 
The beginning of my journey as a translator... 

h2. Not as an in-house but as a freelancer!!

We've all thought of going on a quest at some point in our lives. Mine emerged in my mind earlier this year after realizing that translation is one area that I am keen to explore in greater detail. I am currently in the process of developing myself into a freelance translation business, therefore I thought it would be a good idea to share some views on this topic. My interest in languages started through  a series of happy accidents. Well, I shall say events beyond my control. Being born in Venezuela, then growing up in Portugal prior to moving to London to pursue my education, allowed me to a fuller exposure to new languages and cultures at an early age. This cocktail of different backgrounds has flourished into something that I call the "ism" phenomenon. Multilingualism and multiculturalism. Each destination offered me a unique,yet distinctive collection of memoires which became an integral part of my life. Just as some people collect artwork or vintage clothes, I collect dictionaries and phrase books. 

I remember that my biggest hobby as a child was to read cartoons in different languages and then try to memorize the words. At some point I was addicted to "A Turma da Monica" (Brazilian), "Mafalda", and later "Les Aventures de Tintin". I was only 3 when my father confronted me with the biggest challenge of my life: Learning to read in Spanish and he would give me a computer game. Of course, being a huge fan of Nintendo's Super Mario I had no chance but to hire my older cousin to teach me how to read. I knew by then that my relationship with languages and literature would prevail for a long time. I rely on words and books in the same way apple trees rely on honey bees!
 

After completing my BA (Hons) in Spanish and French combined with Literature at the University of Westminster, I was working both as an in-house translator and a market researcher for a Global company based in UK. My language combinations are *English → Spanish*, *French → Spanish*, *English → Portuguese*, *Spanish → Portuguese* and *French → Portuguese*. While working as an in-house translator offered me a valuable experience,  the desire to be a freelancer is my biggest motivation. I finally came to the realization that this is the right time to turn my passion for writing and translating into my side business. There is something that really captivates my attention about both being a freelancer  and a translator. One of them is my desire to communicate via words and engage in my own creativeness. The other is flexibility. Flexibility not only to work on my own time and scheduling but also to work from anywhere in the world as a translator rather than off-site. Again, this is very important for me as I am a huge fan of travelling. The idea of writing while spending some quality time exploring new cities it's absolutely delightful! And of course, being able to work remotely is going to be a new experience for me  but I can't wait to get started!
I'd love to hear about your experiences and your motivations that awakened you towards this career-choice.