---
layout: post
title: When Creation meets Translation 
author: Caterine Apruzzese
authorurl: /Caterine+Apruzzese
location: New York
summary: Many people ask me what the relationship between a writer and a translator is, so here's my answer to this question; 
category:
  - onaquest

---
 
 
Many people ask me what the relationship between a *writer* and a *translator* is, so here's  my answer to this question;

I always tend to believe that choice is, without question one of the best joys in *translation*. Like writers, every translator has a personal style- choice of words, sentences and paragraphs. Just as writers make rhetorical choices, translators must look closely at the rhetorical situation by examining the writer's goal and adapt it to different audiences.   

The most powerful tool a translator may hustle is his/her ability to write- in the target language. I consider a good translation not to sound as a product of a translated source. In fact, not many people associate that there is a positive correlation between translation and creation. The translator must grasp the spirit of the original text and reproduce it in a coherent way.  

While in most cases a translation is considered to be the way a message is linguistically transformed from one language to another without requiring the need of adapting the source text, this is not always the case. Sometimes the translator is obliged to reconsider the original text to render it efficiently and accurately in the target language. In such cases, the translator will dismantle or undo certain elements of the original  text and *transcreate* or adapt it for the target audience. This process requires not only creativity but also a solid knowledge of cultural background. The act of *transcreation* should only be done in cooperation with the original writer and it should ensure that the target text is a replica of the source text in terms of style, message it conveys, images and emotions portrayed.

While there is little room for creativity when it comes to technical texts, the translation of marketing and advertising copy often requires a refined sense of originality that enables the transcreator to captivate the essence of the intended message  and present it in a meaningful and consistent manner to the target audience.