---
title: Choosing a Technical Translator 
---



After a decade or more of globalization, communication and languages in particular play a distinctive role in the way we interact with our neighbours. Because of this factor, languages and cultures are becoming more interwoven with each other and companies across the globe are seeking to grow their businesses internationally. In a rapidly changing marketplace, the task of producing marketing and *technical documentation* travels faster than the speed of light. And so the demand for technical translations. 

In today's global market there's an increased need for *technical translation* professionals, operating in a wide range of *technical fields* such as *legal*, *medical*, *technological* and *aerospace*. It is therefore vital that companies choose a *translation service* provider that is reliable, coherent and professional. Identifying an accurate and highly skilled *technical translator* can be a tough task, but once it's done, it can certainly be a valuable asset for your enterprise.  
 

Here are some tips that might help you choosing the right *translator*. 

Because as a company you want to communicate your products and values, it is essential that you choose a translator that is highly competent in your field,  not only in the source language but also in the target language. Technical documents use 'jargon', a specialised language concerned to a particular field that is usually not listed in regular dictionaries, so a good background knowledge in the specific field is essential in order to translate it correctly. 

It is also a good idea to check for experience within the translation industry. So, if an *automotive* document needs to be translated, look for a translator that is also a mechanical engineer and ensure that the final copy is *reviewed* and *proofed* by a third party, also a specialist in the field. 

A document should be translated by a language- sensitive native. This is to ensure that the document is carefully *translated* and *localised* according to the dialects and local culture. For instance, translating to Portuguese is very different for Portugal vs. Brazil.

*Cost* vs *quality*: Although technical documentation is often subject to budget constraints, companies are starting to realise that documentation *quality* is worth it as it reflects your brand. Instead of looking at it as a cost of doing business, you should be thinking about what impression the document will give your customers and business partners. If the communication is crisp it will add to a positive experience of your brand and company. 


Whether it is software manuals, annual reports or press releases, it seems that good *technical translations* are critical to the success of products and ultimately to the success of a brand.   



  
 